doc: release note for SecretManager direct resources (#3318)
GoogleCloudPlatform/k8s-config-connector: docs/releasenotes/release-1.126.md

## Modified Beta Reconciliation

> We migrated the following reconciliation from the TF-based or DCL-based controller to the new Direct controller to enhance the reliability and performance. The existing API is unchanged. To use the direct controller, add the `alpha.cnrm.cloud.google.com/reconciler: direct` annotation to the corresponding CR object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have added support for direct reconciliation to more resources, with opt-in behaviour.  The API is unchanged. To use the direct reconciler, add the `alpha.cnrm.cloud.google.com/reconciler: direct` annotation to the corresponding Config Connector object.  The following resources now have direct reconciliation support (and we list some of the issues that this fixes):  
```

Reviewer: (Because we didn't _migrate_)

* **`SecretManagerSecret`**

>   * #510 Enhanced `spec.rotation.nextRotationTime` to use a fixed datetime value to avoid relative `now()` friction. 

Reviewer: I like this list of things we fixed, but is the bulleting correct?

Author: Here's the preview (from "View File"), do you have any suggestions on the format? 
<img width="1133" alt="Screenshot 2024-12-05 at 10 41 45 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1032dabe-0aa0-4981-8a55-9d6e636d55b7">

  * #1081 Fixed the `spec.replication.auto` immutable issue
  * #3051 Fixed the `spec.rotation.rotationPeriod` immutable issue 
  * (WIP Pending#3282)Added the in-use version aliases in `status.observedState.versionAliases`
  * Resolved update stalling issues. 

* **`SecretManagerSecretVersion`**
  
  * Resolved update stalling caused by `DependencyNotReady` errors.

>   * Fixed the friction in `spec.enabled` that enabling/disabling a secret version does not take effect in GCP. 

Reviewer: This sounds more like a bug than "friction"?

>   * **API Behavior Change** 

Reviewer: Should this be `##` ?   It feels very important, even if we're introducing it gradually, we still want feedback.

Author: Sure, I can make it a top tier item.  I put it under the `Modified Beta Reconciliation` because it only happens when user opt-in the direct reconciler.

  `SecretManagerSecretVersion` uses [service generated ID](https://cloud.google.com/config-connector/docs/how-to/managing-resources-with-resource-ids). 
  The Terraform-based reconciler writes back the service generated ID into the `spec.resourceID` field. This conflicts with GitOps, and is a deviation from the Kubernetes API convetion for [`spec and status`](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#spec-and-status)
  

>   With the direct controller, the ID is now stored in `status.version` and a new field `status.externalRef` is used to guardrail the identity. The direct controller does not edit the `spec`. 

Reviewer: Was it always stored in status.version?  (I note you said externalRef was new, but you didn't say new on status.version).  If so, this makes it much less likely that people are reading from spec!

Some wording nits:
```suggestion
  With the direct controller, the ID is now stored in `status.version` and a new field `status.externalRef` holds the full GCP identity. The direct controller does not write back to the `spec`. 
```

Author: Right, `status.version` already exists. I checked the developing history, it is added in a later time after developed the SecretVersion resource. IMO it's a single that users actually not use the `spec.resourceID` and want to find a more reliable answer from `status`
